Update extension reference (#741)
mittwald/developer-portal: docs/contribution/40-how-to/2-manage-extensions.mdx

## Verify Extension

Once your Extension is fully developed and ready for use,
you can request a verification only via our REST API.

This is done using the <OperationLink operation="extension-request-extension-verification" /> operation.

We will review the content of your Extension and either verify it or respond with feedback.

## Publish Extension

> Once your Extension has been verified, it can be published, you can publish your extension only via our REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your Extension has been verified, it can be published
You can publish your extension via <OperationLink operation="extension-set-extension-published-state" />.

This operation also allows for the withdrawal of Extensions. 
This might be useful if you don't want any more new Extension Instances for a certain time. 
```

## Verify Extension

Once your Extension is fully developed and ready for use,
you can request a verification only via our REST API.

This is done using the <OperationLink operation="extension-request-extension-verification" /> operation.

We will review the content of your Extension with in 3-5 business days and either verify it or respond with feedback.

## Publish Extension

> Once your Extension has been verified, it can be published

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your Extension has been verified, it can be published.
```
